---
layout: post
title: The Year That Was
excerpt: <i>About a recap</i>
---

A new year has arrived. Meh.

I feel it is one of the most overrated days of the year with the multitudes of other days (rose, friendship, father, mother, uncle etc ) 
coming a close second. A recap of the year that was seems to be the “in” thing on blogosphere. I usually am very behind the fashion trends,
for eg, by the time I started to grow my hair long, people had already shaved their heads twice and while I was contemplating on getting 
myself a bell-bottom pants, the pencil leg or whatever it is called was the in thing. You get the gist I suppose, er... that is I am always
behind times. But this time I am not waiting till 2015 before I write about 2011. Irrespective of my total irreverance to the day, here 
goes the recapitulation. (One of my best friends has beautifully recapped his year [here](http://www.themeekkaiser.blogspot.com/), with 
photos and all. You might enjoy it especially if you are a United fan, so do check that link after going through mine.)

The first four months of 2011, rather the last four months of the best part of my life were a blur. The last semester in college was a 
fitting tribute to the previous seven as we just simply had a blasting experience. Tours, weddings, treats, more tours and ya the
occasional end semester exam or two and everything was sort of fast-forwarded. It was one hell of a journey and brilliant fun. The month 
of May was notable for Yours Truly finally becoming a brahmin and getting to wear the sacred thread. Then there was the one month break 
till joining the Tejas Networks. This was spent at home, bickering with the younger sister, eating good food, buying the necessary stuff 
for the next phase of my life and in general splurging my old man’s money ;).

June 19 was the momentous day in which I embarked on the next phase of my life – job. That part is still going on fine with just the minor
hiccups associated with such a sea change in life. Bangalore is a very weird place in my opinion and all those who wax lyrical about the
climate can just go and bury themselves as far as I am concerned. A place which is cold in the morning, hot in the day and again cold in 
the night seriously needs to consult a shrink – mood swings galore or what? Me, I prefer the good old Delhi which is hot in the summer and
cold in the winter, no complications. As a result of these climate changes, I have been a constant victim of the aptly named common cold.

The living has been quite comfortable due to the hospitality of my relatives, some of whom are contemplating moving away from Damu and 
some who have already done so. But like a shadow I will follow them and constantly darken their doorsteps (*evil laugh*). A trip has 
turned out quite memorably and many more are there in the pipeline. Watching football with friends as well as relatives as well as the 
occasional solos have been quite enjoyable and the team that Yours Truly supports has performed pretty well if not fantastically. Ah but 
then we all have different expectations.

It was a not too lousy year quoting the above mentioned friend. It could have been better but there you are. You take what you have and
make the best of it. And I am quite satisfied with what happened, except here and there. But again I am quite easily pleased. Give me my 
books and music and I will curl into a corner and never bother humanity. Speaking of books, a lot of them are there for the taking. So 
it is now a race. I am sure I will lose but let the defeat be glorious (gosh, that was unbelievably corny!!!).

Not much of a recap this has turned out to be, but my thoughts are all muddled and who cares anyway. If the world does not end in 2012,
I promise I will turn up with a better review of 2012, the year not the movie (please laugh, please). Hoping that the coming year will 
be a prosperous and joyful one for one and all.

‘Til Later
